Bump Podman to v5.3.2 (#364)
containers/podman.io: getting-started/installation.md

sudo dnf -y update
```

NOTE:
1. CentOS 7 Kubic repo will receive no further updates after Podman v3.0.

> 2. CentOS 8 Kubic repo will continue to exist for the lifetime of CentOS 8 itself.

Reviewer: I'm a bit unclear, will Podman v3.0+ be supported in CentOS8  Maybe (not sure if this is true/planned):
```suggestion
2. CentOS 8 Kubic repo will continue to receive updates for Podman v3.0+ for the lifetime of CentOS 8 itself.
```

Reviewer 2: added

> 3. Users are recommended to switch to newer versions of CentOS once these deadlines have passed.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "deadlines" are.   Maybe:
```suggestion
3. Users are recommended to switch to newer versions of CentOS to receive the most up to date versions of Podman.
```

Reviewer 2: added

sudo apt-get -y install podman
# (Ubuntu 18.04) Restart dbus for rootless podman
systemctl --user restart dbus
```

### Installing development versions of Podman

#### [CentOS](https://www.centos.org)

> Podman is available in the AppStream repo for CentOS 8 and Stream and are also the preferable choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Podman is available in the AppStream repo for CentOS 8 and Stream, and these are also the preferred choice for use in production environments. However, the available version may be older than the upstream release.

```

Reviewer 2: added
